The Joe Rogan experience. These things. When did you guys start on this?
About four years ago.
So it's been four years of steady work to make something like that.
And nine days we're going to like give it to the world. Yes. I'm like,
I'm shaking. Oh my God. I'm so nervous. It's just.
Canceled. [inaudible] yes.
Everyone's.
Scared of the.
Coronavirus.
I know my wife says I'm going to be in quarantine at the house for two weeks.
When I come home, come here.
I don't think it needs to be two weeks.
I think it's four days you started showing, look, you're sniffling already.
I'm just never psychosomatic. Um,
they say that it's four days and you start exhibiting symptoms. So, okay.
I coughed at the airport and people looked at me like I've it was,
I felt almost wanting to apologize.
I was just clearing my throat and I didn't cover my mouth.
And everybody was like, yeah, it was everybody's on edge.
Yeah. Meanwhile, the comedy store was packed last night, dude.
We went to PAX east last week with the fans,
like lines of fans and the beginning,
everybody was touching elbows that lasted like 20 minutes.
And we were just high five in.
So I was at the store last night.
A couple of guys were like trying to give you knuckles and Ravel's like,
get the outta here. We'll go down together. Give me a hug.
Well, they say, I didn't watch that show yet with that guy that you had, but,
uh, 50 and up or something, or like.
The real problem is people with respiratory issues.
People who are overweight and people who are old, those are,
those are the real problems, unhealthy people. Okay. That's the real issue.
That's going to be the real issue. Although Sam Harris did know a guy,
who's a skier who is 50,
who is apparently very healthy and very fit.
And he is now on a ventilator and he was in Italy. I don't know the specifics,
you know, sometimes look, I've,
I've got the flu before and I'm sure you have as well.
And sometimes what happens is you're worn down from travel. You're worn down,
maybe from drinking,
you're warmed down from too much exercise and then it gets you.
And then if you're not like, and this is just the common cold,
and apparently the common cold is a type of Corona virus.
Um.
I don't know, Google that make sure that's true. But, um, I'm pretty,
I was reading up on Corona viruses last night. I was like, what?
Like SARS is a type of Corona virus.
Is this just here now forever like this as a part of the world, like Corona.
The question. Well, Michael Oster home who wrote this book,
deadliest enemy and who was on, on a Tuesday on the podcast Tuesday,
he opened up a lot of people's eyes as to like
what, what the issue is and what, what, what you can do to prevent it.
But those wet markets that they have in China are just
bananas, man,
with the bats on the tables and coronavirus or large family of viruses that
cause illnesses ranging from the common cold to more severe.
These diseases such as, uh,
MERS or SARS,
a novel coronavirus is a new strain that has not been previously identified in
humans. So a zoonotic or zoonotic,
meaning they're between animals and people.
So what what's happening is these wet markets.
He was detailing how they have chickens that are in one cage and civets that are
above the chickens. And the civets are on the chickens.
The chickens are eating the civic. And it's like, it's like,
it's just a perfect environment to create a disease.
That's going to jump from one species to the next. That is scary. Yeah.
And he's like in, many of them have jumped to humans. I mean, all of the major,
uh, whether it's avian flu, that's from birds, swine flu, obviously from pigs,
they jumped from farm animals or from these wet markets to people.
Yeah. And they're not going to stop those wet markets. So it's like, I mean,
that's how people buy their food, which is just crazy.
Have you ever seen the videos and pictures of what they look like over there?
No. That seems.
Scary though. You think your game is scary?
Let's see what a bat looks like when it's laid out on a table.
Apparently bats are like a common thing to eat. And bro,
when you see what a bat looks like with its mouth open,
it looks like it belongs in your game.
That that'd be good. Good.
Reference.
We were looking at pictures of them yesterday and they have a table laid out.
And then even not just on the raw concrete bats, laid out with her mouth open,
they look cartoonish. They don't even look real and they have no wings. Yeah.
Jamie's oh my God. And over there.
How big these bats? These are bats without weight. Holy. Holy, dude. That looks.
Like a dog. They do look like those.
Dogs. Oh.
Oh, those are dogs. Jesus Christ. Those are dogs. Oh, those are bad.
So those are bad. So look at the teeth on the bats. Yeah.
That's really that look at how they're all.
They all have their mouths wide open.
Like they're trying to bite you so they die trying to kill you and.
They're gonna, they're gonna cook those.
Yes. That's how that is how this disease got started. Look at that guy.
He'll go back to him again. Let me see a big picture. Him. He's.
Triple stacking the.
Behavior stacks of bats, smoking cigarettes. Like they're eating bats.
That's crazy. It's just nuts, man. But this is what happens. We'll see.
Lou has chicken stacked on top of each other.
When you have a billion people and look at that, guy's sleeping on top of that.
That should be in our game actually. Yeah. Like.
If you're hungry, eat a bat.
You could glory kill that thing and get health.
That would be good. Apparently SARS came from bats as well.
So don't eat bad kids, but they have to because they're starving. I mean,
that's one of the things that China's doing, what they have to do.
There's too many people, not enough food.
And a lot of what they're eating is just, we wouldn't imagine eating.
It or are you not traveling because of this?
I'm not changing.
That's my wife asked me a lot. Like she,
she was really concerned about me coming here and um, I was like, dude, we go,
we gotta sell a game.
I just got back from Vegas. And I was a little nervous while I was over there,
but I did everything normal. I went to work out. I, I, you know, I ate,
I went to the fights, which is, you know, 20,000 people at the T-Mobile arena,
all stuffed into this one area and everybody was acting normal.
Everybody was high five and a hug. And then fighters. I mean,
Jesus Christ when wanna talk about people exposed, you know,
they're sweating and they're half.
Naked Tyson. Fury's trying to lick that dudes blood. I mean,
I don't think he's worried.
That was before the big outbreak. Yeah. I I'm.
I'm worried about old people. I'm worried about my parents. For sure.
I'm more worried about, I'm worried about people who are overweight. You know,
I have friends that are not healthy that maybe very she'd lose some weight and
I'm worried about them. I'm worried about people with respiratory problems,
you know, um,
a good friend of mine has a daughter who has cystic fibrosis and he canceled his
tour. Shout out to Everlast. He canceled his tour because of that. I mean,
but he's got, you know, a real concern. I mean,
his daughter is a pretty serious lung condition. That is really scary. Horrible.
Yeah. And so look, you know, he's got no choice. He has to stay home and, and,
and play it safe. And I think a lot of people are going to do that. You know?
Um, it's gonna be interesting to see how the government handles it.
It was one of the things about love or hate Trump.
He's willing to do some that's a lot of people would think it would be
unpopular, like closed down traffic. Yeah. Closed down, uh,
flights coming in from other,
other countries that are infected that have high rates of infection. You know?
I mean, uh, I wonder what they're going to do and something,
I think something really radical has to be done to try to start this slow down
the S this illness, but I don't know what they can do.
Are we waiting for it to, I got to watch your show with this guy.
Are we waiting for it to go away? Like I read a quote that like,
when the weather changes it'll it'll stop or something.
That's horseshit. Yeah. I'm Michael Oster home, uh, set of straight on that.
That's nonsense. He's like, that's not going to have any effect on it.
What happens is it just runs through the population and people develop immune
systems that can handle it. You develop an immunity once you catch it.
And for many people, it's just going to be like a bad cold for many people.
It's going to be like, you're coughing and you're and you just,
you just try to get better, stay home, drink a lot of fluids, be healthy,
do your best and, uh, eat healthy and then get out.
You're going to have an immunity to it. And that's, what's going to happen.
On the other end, I saw one guy, um, he had it and it was fairly mild.
And then the quarantine and he got over it,
he was getting over it and getting better.
And then they quarantined him with a bunch of people that also had it.
And then he got it even worse. It's interesting. Cause I was like,
wonder how he got it again.
And I guess probably his immunity wasn't fully developed yet.
And then it just overwhelmed his immune system. Cause there was, you know,
he's basically quarantined with a bunch of other people that were really,
really sick,
but he got through it and he was talking about it and all these poor people that
are stuck on boats.
Oh my God, it's crazy.
This is going to kill the cruise ship industry. Yeah. Guarantee.
That we just went on vacation.
Then I have to say traveling and the like we went to this vacation spot.
Cause there's nobody there. It's actually, it's kind of nice.
Right now. Woo. You got the whole beach.
To yourself. We had everything to ourselves. It was amazing.
Yeah. I'm wonder, you know, I wonder, uh, how this is gonna play out.
We go like, you know, you're even at our hotel eating at the buffets and stuff,
but like to your point, I'm just like, it. What are we going to do?
They're closing down buffets. That's one of the things they're in Vegas.
They're closing down. Buffets.
FES are huge. I haven't been to Vegas too many times,
but the one time I was there, I had pretty crazy buffet.
Yeah. I mean all you can eat just pig out some of those buff,
but that's also how they do it on a lot of cruise ships. They have buffets.
I only went on one cruise ship and by the end I wanted to throw up like,
oh my God. Cause the first day you're like the food's amazing.
It's so buttery gross. Yeah.
It's like being stuck on an apartment building fill with drunks,
but you're all on the roof. And if you jump off the side,
you're definitely dead. Yes.
And they're feeding you the fattiest grossest, but tasty food. Yeah.
No. Oh man.
That's your mood. Some people would just it. Let's go all in.